your husband Greg your husband Chi
not only sent me new photos not only
flirted with me while I was underage
sent me gifts everything also briefly
hid me and our friendship from you so
how about you in like investigate the
supposed innocence of your husband not
like you're any [ __ ] better but still
I've already made one video reflecting
on the peculiar extent to which people
seem to avoid blaming CAI initials
husband also known as in his hands wife
the mother of his two children but who
now identifies as a transgender male
people seem to avoid blaming Chi and
place all of the blame on an SEM and I
think that is because of the perception
that while a Nissen is being dishonest
and manipulative intentionally they
presume that Chi is being dishonest and
manipulative unintentionally that one of
them is lying out of strength and the
other one is merely lying out of
weakness and I think it's really worth
reflecting lying out of weakness doesn't
that make you a worse person and not a
better one kai talks about running away
with people as manipulation he's have
been become as manipulative as Greg I do
believe that more than likely is true at
this point
what upsets me is Sarah doesn't deserve
to be treated like this
Sarah was made to feel like this was
right from a young age as was I and it
what we didn't realize until we got
older as this is not right there is a
philosophical dialogue from Plato
featuring Socrates that's called the
lesser Hippias
in this philosophical dialogue the
question being bandied about is
ostensibly whether it is morally better
to lie intentionally or to lie
unintentionally if a man runs slowly in
a race as a kind of contrivance as a
kind of intentionally deceptive plan
then it must be that he has the
potential he has the ability he has the
strength to run quickly in the race he's
just choosing not to so the race is
fixed for some reason for some evil
purpose he's pretending to be slow but
in fact he could be running quickly such
a man would be superior to someone who's
running slowly because they have no
other choice the other examples used are
a little bit more provocative like
someone who intentionally does the
reckoning wrong
in a math problem they must have really
mastered the art of arithmetic someone
who deceives you with geometry someone
who could you know solve a geometrical
problem or use geometry to some purpose
and who misleads you
they must have mastered the art of
geometry whereas someone who just can't
do it at all they can neither come to
the right solution to the problem nor
can they come to the wrong solution or
can they deceive you so the whole
dialogue is playing a kind of protracted
word game and there's a lot of comedy is
a lot of a lot of things in there but
it's still getting at something we can
all relate to
many years ago during a very dark and
lonesome period in my life I read the
autobiography of Charlie Chaplin the
actor Charlie Chaplin and you might be
surprised to know there were a lot of
odd - philosophical reflections in the
autobiography of Charlie Chaplin at one
point he recalls spending time with the
sort of circus performer in the theatre
this was when Charlie Chaplin was a very
very young man he hadn't yet become rich
and famous and this circus performer had
devised a trick an act where he would
balance a balance of pool cue balance
you know the type of stick used at a
billiard table he would balance a pool
cue on his chin straight up and then
using his two hands he would throw one
billiard ball up and have it land on the
top of the pool cue and and balance
there remain there on top will do and
then he would throw up a second ball and
it would balance on top tether ball and
he would you know stand there wavering
back and forth keeping it on balance
just using his chin anyway so Charlie
Chaplin witnessed this guy rehearsing
and perfecting this act and then the
circus performer showed it to the head
of the theatre whoever it was he was
auditioning for and the head of the
theatre said it'll be more impressive
for the audience if you can miss a few
times if you can seem to be struggling
to do it as opposed to doing it
effortlessly you know you throw it up
once and you miss the whole audience
goes oh well you know you lead the
audience to sort of buildup of tension
and then finally you get both of the
billiard balls balanced on top and the
whole crowd applauds he wanted some more
theatricality of this kind and that and
the performance and the the circus
performer said back I know the trick
well enough to perform it on stage but I
have not yet mastered it enough to miss
and Charlie Chaplin just said that was
that was a story that was the
moral of that story that really stayed
with him for the rest of his life that
sometimes it's harder to deceive than
than to be truthful or it shows a kind
of mastery to be able to feign that you
can't do something when you can lying
out of weakness doesn't that make you a
worse person and not a better one being
manipulative
out of weakness doesn't that make you a
worse person not a better than one
seducing these people and now now this
allegation from Regina this is really
alleging you're seducing a minor all
these various things if someone were
doing that out of weakness some were
doing that involuntarily not as a kind
of canny and intentional act wouldn't
that make them worse and not better and
you know my own thought on this which is
not found in that dialogue of Plato it's
not spoken by Socrates at all the person
who lies to you and deceives you
intentionally the person who's aware and
conscious of the act the person who's in
control they are better than the
important respect that they can learn
from the mistake and they can change the
person who does evil things
involuntarily the person who lies there
gives in to desire whatever might be out
of weakness rather than at a strength
there's no way that they can change and
there's no way that you can improve
their behavior by reasoning with them
what is evil
being self-centered being self-indulgent
giving in to short-term thinking
refusing to think through the long-term
consequences for yourself and others in
practice in our personal lives and even
in politics most of the time it's close
enough it's close enough to what evil
means and yeah some people do evil
things I would have strength and some
people do evil things out of weakness
and there's a natural tendency to make
excuses for the weak but the strong the
strong at least are susceptible to
improvement the strong or easier to
reason with they're easier to change